README.md, before:

Lucas's Version of Amix's vimrc
-------------------------------

**Philosophy**

I want to create my own vim configuration which is 
**beautiful**, **easy to use**, and **lightweight**.

*This setup is optimized for my personal use cases.* I enjoy writing python modules, building webapps,  
solving random CS puzzles, and blogging in markdown.

**Features**

- Autocomplete on tab
- Error checking for all major languages
- Consistent 4-space indenting & tabbing
- Remembers & starts on previous line number
- Spacing buffers at top and bottom of page
- Autopanning search (screen moves to found matches)
- Awesome solarized-blue theme

**Installation directions:**

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/codelucas/vimrc ~/.vim_runtime
    sh ~/.vim_runtime/install.sh
```

Note that the directory name `.vim_runtime` is critical.
Please copy and paste the above two lines exactly as shown!

If you are using OSX and your colors are screwed up,
it's due to some terminal configuration setting.

Open up either of the `.terminal` theme files in the **osx-pallets** 
folder provided and run it. Then open terminal preferences. 
`Solarized Dark` should be a profile option. Select it and set as 
default. Ensure that the terminals are declared as **xterm-256color**.

I will add more changes later but for now the biggest reason
this was forked was because I want `solarized dark` to be auto
installed without any hassle. 

Also, i'm not super into any of the fancy plugins, but Amix's 
basic setup was **amazing**.

This version installs pathogen for the solarized theme.

If anything still is broken, refer to 
[osx-solarized](https://github.com/tomislav/osx-terminal.app-colors-solarized) or 
[amix's vim](https://github.com/amix/vimrc)

Please do not hesitate to [contact](http://codelucas.com) me for help.

Commit message:

added instructions to install syntax checkers

README.md, after:

Lucas's Version of Amix's vimrc
-------------------------------

**Philosophy**

I want to create my own vim configuration which is 
**beautiful**, **easy to use**, and **lightweight**.

*This setup is optimized for my personal use cases.* I enjoy writing python modules, building webapps,  
solving random CS puzzles, and blogging in markdown.

**Features**

- Autocomplete on tab
- Error checking for all major languages
- Consistent 4-space indenting & tabbing
- Remembers & starts on previous line number
- Spacing buffers at top and bottom of page
- Autopanning search (screen moves to found matches)
- Awesome solarized-blue theme

**Installation directions:**

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/codelucas/vimrc ~/.vim_runtime
    sh ~/.vim_runtime/install.sh
```

Note that the directory name `.vim_runtime` is critical.
Please copy and paste the above two lines exactly as shown!

If you are using OSX and your colors are screwed up,
it's due to some terminal configuration setting.

Now we need to install various syntax checking modules
for whatever langauges you enjoy. For example, if you are like me
and enjoy programming in js, python, and java:

```bash
    sudo npm install -g jshint
    sudo pip install flake8
    sudo apt-get install default-jdk
```

Install pip and npm if they are not available with your
respective package managers.

`easy_install pip` and `sudo apt-get install npm` did it for me.

Open up either of the `.terminal` theme files in the **osx-pallets** 
folder provided and run it. Then open terminal preferences. 
`Solarized Dark` should be a profile option. Select it and set as 
default. Ensure that the terminals are declared as **xterm-256color**.

I will add more changes later but for now the biggest reason
this was forked was because I want `solarized dark` to be auto
installed without any hassle. 

Also, i'm not super into any of the fancy plugins, but Amix's 
basic setup was **amazing**.

This version installs pathogen for the solarized theme.

If anything still is broken, refer to 
[osx-solarized](https://github.com/tomislav/osx-terminal.app-colors-solarized) or 
[amix's vim](https://github.com/amix/vimrc)

Please do not hesitate to [contact](http://codelucas.com) me for help.
